# Note from the Author

Few years ago, whenever I needed async tools in PHP, I was actively using other, hugely popular php library called React. Back then it was mind-blowing experience for me and I was astonished how easy it was to simulate async behaviour in PHP. I started to trust this aproach more and more and began to use it in more complicated projects. However, the bigger the project I was working on was, the more defects I was able to find. Its code, in my experience, suffered from uneven performance, leaking memory, the occasional bugs and what had upset me most - lacking interfaces which focused only on async side of things, ignoring functionality of its components as a whole. I started to write my own extensions for the library, including missing boilerplate and fixes needed. I wanted to share that with the community, created PRs with some of them, but they were never approved or rejected. React project was dead at that time, but in fact, I still needed those tools. That prompted me to create Dazzle Project. It was designed as modern, more reliable and more complete replacement for React library. Although I hold React library dear to my heart up to this day, I believe I was able to achieve that goal perfectly. Since the first day Dazzle was published I received many requests to include comparisons and benchmarks that proves the previous statement. That's why this section has been attached to the README. I hope the readers will be able to find all the necessary pieces of information they are looking for in it.
